this is a
unun just
decimated there's no way you could all
come back to life here the way it's just
been fled the video doesn't do justice
you have to be here in person many
people have used terms uh in different
conflicts you know uh I've been to Syria
I've been in Somalia and you know so
many other areas around the world um and
people have mentioned oh it's like an
armagon it's like like you know
something
undescribable everywhere I saw was
destruction and unit not a single
building
withstanding um be it hospitals
schools most of our patients were you
know 13 14 15 16 17 years of age um for
these lower extremity shrapnel wounds
and that's something we just I've never
dealt with it was something that was new
I didn't even see that in 2009 um it was
a lot of adult patients back then but
this is really a different scope of you
know patient pop ation that I just never
[Applause]
seen you know I'm not a politician I'm
not a diplomat all I know is is that uh
as a Healer um the one who who who has
taken an oath to heal people if Rafa is
attacked there will be complete loss of
life and uh the healthcare system will
not be able to take care of
this make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer